store-gateway: remove series selection strategies, rename preference flag (#8702)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

  # CLI flag: -blocks-storage.bucket-store.batch-series-size
  [streaming_series_batch_size: <int> | default = 5000]

>   # (advanced) This parameter controls the tradeoff in fetching series versus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (advanced) This parameter controls the trade-off in fetching series versus
```
